Now that we have account creation,
a k a sign up working,
there is a possibility that a user could be created,
and now we need to be able to sign in and out.
We also want to modify the account creation function so that after users are created,
their automatically signed in the first time on their behalf,
as opposed to making them create an account and then submit a sign inform.
So we want to create the session creation page,
a k a sign in or log in page,
and that makes a modifications to account creation in order to set up the session.
Creation.
The log in Handler.
We just need to reference what we called the session creation in the router in a previous
lecture.
So we're saying Session and slash create is going to be handlers dot session create.
So let's go to our handlers and below where we set up account creation.
Let's do session creation.
I'm gonna copy the account creation function since,
like the index,
this will be very similar.
So create new session and we should name it Handlers session create again.
It's going to reject any requests that isn't get and the head title is going to be Log in
to your account.
The description is going to say please enter your phone number and password to access your
account,
and the body class is going to be session create.
We're going to use get template is normal,
but obviously we want the session create template rather than account create.
Then we're gonna add on the universal header and footer so nothing else really needs to
change.
Now we need to actually create the session,
create template.
So I'm gonna call touch templates,
slash session,
create dot html And now we can open this and start filling it in.
As in the previous lecture,
there's no reason to go into the HTML in detail,
so I'm just going to paste it in here.
As you can see,
there's an H one and h to log into your account and to your phone number.
And then there is a form whose idea session create and posts to a P I slash tokens.
And in order to get this to work correctly,
we need to add some logic to apthe gso update this file here and now you can see there are
a few new things.
Buying forms has been improved a little bit,
too.
Have some air handling of the top and Onley try to bind forms.
If there actually is a form on the page and some helper functions have been added that
allow you to get the current session token and then set whether or not a user is logged in
on the body as a class,
we can also set the current session token or renew the current session token.
And now we create a loop that will always run once a minute that will try to renew the
token so that a user session doesn't expire.
Now you can see the form response processor for the for my de account create has been
modified to now automatically send a request to a P I slash tokens post.
So,
in other words,
logged the user in after their account was successfully created,
so they're automatically be logged in and taken to their dashboard.
Similarly,
after a successful logging in,
a user is automatically redirected to their dashboard,
we can save this restart the app node index dot Js and then try to use this new log in for
I'm going to go back to the home page and then click on law again to be taken to form when
the sign in with the credentials we just created a moment ago.
So for 15 1234569 This is a password as the password and log in.
Now it might look like an error,
but this is just because we were taken to a page that doesn't exist yet.
We're actually on the check slash all page,
which is three euro off the dashboard.
And if we go back here,
we can see that there is a session token newly created,
which is right here.
And this was created when we submitted that form.
So the session exists.
It's getting stored client side,
and everything seems to be working fine.
The next thing we need to dio is give the user the possibility to log out and actually
destroy this session.
So this is what would do in the next lecture so we can move on to their now